Native CLI Distribution (#45)
infinispan/infinispan-quarkus: cli/src/main/resources/README.md

> # Infinispan CLI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Infinispan Native CLI
```

> The Infinispan Command Line Interface (CLI) lets you remotely connect to Infinispan servers to access data and perform administrative functions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Infinispan Command Line Interface (CLI) connects to Infinispan Server clusters so you can access data remotely and perform administrative operations.
```

> To learn more about the CLI, please visit [infinispan.org](https://infinispan.org/docs/stable/titles/cli/cli.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can find complete documentation for the CLI, in our [CLI User Guide](https://infinispan.org/docs/stable/titles/cli/cli.html).
```

## Getting Started

> #### Linux & Mac

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Linux and macOS
```

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Start the CLI and connect to a running Infinispan Server as follows:
```
```

./ispn-cli -c http://<host>:11222
```

> ####  Windows

Reviewer: ```suggestion
####  Microsoft Windows
```

> Using powershell:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Start the CLI with PowerShell and connect to a running Infinispan Server as follows:
```

```
& ".\ispn-cli.exe" -c http://<host>:11222
```

> ## kubectl Integration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Installing the CLI as a kubectl Plugin
```

> Infinispan CLI can be used as `kubectl` plugin, allowing the CLI to control the Infinispan operator, simplifying many operations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the Infinispan CLI as `kubectl` client plugin, which enables the CLI to control the Infinispan Operator and simplifies many operations.
```

> This includes the ability to install and uninstall the operator, create and delete Infinispan clusters and obtain information about various resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Integrating with `kubectl` lets you install and remove the Infinispan Operator, create and delete Infinispan clusters, and obtain information about various resources.
```

> Follow the steps below to install the cli as a `kubectl` plugin:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To install the CLI as a `kubectl` plugin, do the following:
```

> 1. Copy the `ispn-cli`, or create a link, to a file with the name "kubectl-infinispan"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Copy the `ispn-cli`, or create a symbolic link, to a file named "kubectl-infinispan".
```

> 2. Add `kubectl-infinispan` to your `PATH`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Add `kubectl-infinispan` to your `PATH`.
```

> 3. Verify the plugin has been detected by executing `kubectl plugin list`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Run `kubectl plugin list` to verify the CLI is added as a plugin. 
```

> 4. Start using the plugin `kubectl infinispan --help`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Run `kubectl infinispan --help` to start using the CLI plugin.
```

For more detailed instructions, please see the [kubectl docs](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/extend-kubectl/kubectl-plugins/#installing-kubectl-plugins).

> #### Operator Installation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Installing Infinispan Operator
```

```
kubectl infinispan install
```

> #### Cluster creation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Creating Infinispan Clusters
```

```
kubectl infinispan create --replicas=2 myinfinispan
kubectl infinispan ls

> ```

Reviewer: @ryanemerson Does this create cache service clusters by default? Should we maybe show how to create DG clusters as well?

Author: Good point, but AFAIK that's not actually possible with the CLI atm.

> #### Cluster Removal

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Removing Clusters
```

```
kubectl infinispan rm myinfinispan
kubectl infinispan ls
```

> #### Operator Removal

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Removing the Operator
```
